During your off time, while you're deployed, you have a couple things
that you can do. So, I remember, personally I would always go play poker
and steal people's money even though you're not supposed to but
we'd find some ways to, you know, have fun with each other. We would
trade, like coke bottles or trade cigarettes. Some people smoked,
I didn't, but I'd still, you know, like be in the middle of trading
things for cards. I also watched a lot of DVDs. So, we had an MWR, a
morale recreation and welfare program where you have a choice of maybe
200 or 300 DVDs. You just tell them that's the one that you want
and then you can watch it on, if you have your own personal DVD player
or a laptop. I'd also just go out there on the fantail and just
watch the ships go by, you know, ships go by and jets go by and maybe
for going along the coast, just look at the beautiful country that
we're going beside.